Today we will talk about a
tool that we are passionate about and
that we always recommend to all
companies that use it.
It is Customer Journey Mapping, which
is the translation of mapping, we
will map the customer’s journey.
And we love it because it has many
benefits, helps you better understand
your customers, helps you sell
more because you will optimize
the entire sales process or
the conversion funnel, helps
you mainly to analyze what your
customer experience is and design
better experiences.
Basically it helps you to have
more satisfied customers that
is equal to a healthier business.
We also love it because it is
very simple and easy to use.
Look, we propose this scheme, if you
search on the Internet you will
see numerous models of Customer
Journey Mapping, but well we
believe that with this information
is more than enough, you could
even make a simplification.
The first step is to draw the customer’
s journey.
In what consists this?
It consists of putting yourself in
your client’s shoes, not yours,
because the perspective can be different,
identifying how it is, what
are all the contact points,
touch points, that the client
lives with you.
For visit your website, consult
information, talk to an agent, go
to a store, receive your product
through a messenger, I don’t know,
fill in feedback in a survey,
there are endless points of
contact.
You must be the one who knows
your business best and you have
to do one and what we will do
is analyze those contact points
and we propose a number of
fields.
In principle, what we have to
do is describe what the customer
is doing at each moment.
Enter your website looking
for information, or call you,
or consult a brochure you sent
him, or ask a friend.
The next point is very important
and is more difficult, and
is to identify what the customer
wants, what the customer is
really looking for at that
point of contact.
Here you have to get into your customer’
s mind, it’s a challenge but it’
s very valuable information, what
the customer wants.
And the next thing we will do is
to evaluate or analyze how that
customer feels, whether the
experience is being positive or
is being negative.
But you already have more information
to analyze it because you already
know what it does, you already know
what it wants and it is easy to come
to the conclusion of whether at that
point of contact the experience is
being positive, negative or neutral.
So far what we have done is describe
what it does, what it wants
and how the experience is.
And we can also incorporate
a more internal perspective
on what we are doing and how
we can improve.
And we propose that you identify
with who or what it has a
relationship, and this is very broad,
it can be with people, it can be
with systems, it can be with
the web, it can be with technology,
if they are restaurants with food,
etc., with who or what it has
a relationship, what is what
we are doing, how we are managing it.
And finally, this field is very
convenient to incorporate, it
is how we can improve from all
that analysis, how we can improve.
The key to all this, I would
tell you, the keys are two.
Customer Journey Mapping is
the customer’s journey, not
your journey.
That is, you have to make the
effort to really analyze it from
the perspective of your customers,
because you have in mind that we
are all very contaminated usually
in the companies, we have created
products, we have designed
processes, etc., and it is
easy that we forget what is
what customers are living.
That is the key number one.
The number two key is that you make
the effort and that you are able
to truly identify the journey,
that you do a mapping, a mapping
of all, of all touch points.
In addition, here it would be
interesting to identify, identify what
they call the moments of truth,
which are those touch points that
are truly critical.
And I say it is and if you identify that
there are one, two, three, x touch
points that are truly critical,
because you should prioritize and
implement improvements in those
touch points.
They are basically touch points that
will determine whether the customer
buys you or not, whether the customer
is satisfied or not, etc. Basically.